Hello today I cook very
delicious what zebra want to share with
You use this recipe to make it.
we need flour sour cream sugar eggs
cocoa baking powder milk and cream
butter for making dough I will
use this mix with a bowl and
so the mixer bowl i send the eggs and
I'm starting to run them
little by little added
here I add sour cream
I add flour a little bit about
and immediately baking powder
the dough is ready to divide it into two equal
parts
in one now add cocoa and good
stir
I already smeared the baking pan
vegetable oil on the bottom of the bed
parchment paper and I'll be here now
alternately lay out our dough put
I'll be 2 spoons two spoons of light
dough and two spoons of dark spread in
center of our form
2 spoon light dough
two dark
mice
so I distributed the dough put in
oven heated to 180 degrees minutes
by 40
40 minutes passed I got our cake out
ovens
that's what we got now
from above I will coat it with icing on
making the glaze as small
stewpan pour 3 tablespoons of cocoa
add here
half a cup of sugar 5 tablespoons
milk and on a small fire it all
carefully stir the glaze
stirring all the time until it boils
azure already boiling add here
a piece but consistently
somewhere in frame 40
butter will give our glaze so glossy
brilliance
eye mix all the time well
so that there are no lumps
our icing is ready to leave to cool
up to such a warm consist and how our
I put the cake cool on top
icing is best done here
silicone brush she is very good
distributes over the surface and especially
well do it from the sides of the cake
so I managed to put a cake
cool place to glaze well for
worth the zebra ready here so turned out
very tasty tender
cook and you and eat on health
subscribe to my channel will be new
interesting recipes